README.md, before:

#User Centric Project BG

##Title: Patient Self-Service"
'Patient Self-Service' will provide an unique service to patients commencing with two key features - appointments and prescriptions. 
This website will give patients the flexibility to schedule appointments and order their prescriptions at a time that suits them. Responsive design will allow users use a device of their choice. 
It will provide a platform to rollout additional enhancements in the near future.

##UX
This website is for everyone and especially patients who attend their GP on a regular basis. These patients will also have their medicine prescribed on a <frequency> basis. Patients nowadays use alot of different devices and are very comforable carrying out various activities online. Users want a positive experience when interacting online, they want not only an intuitive website but one that is easy to use and enjoyable. 
User Stories: added to "include link"
"Documents created as part of the 'Design Process': added to "include link"
     -Milestone Project 
     -5 Planes
     -Prototype Mock Ups
     -Prototype Design Features
     -Naming Convention, Commits & Comments
     -User Stories
     -Test Script   

##Features
Clicking on the logo will bring you back to the homepage
Nav/Menu items will 'sweep to right'
Appointment page, mid-screen - image not to appear on mobile
Prescription page, mid-screen - image not to appear on mobile
Submit button on Appointment page - hover over button to change colour
Order Now button on Prescription page - hover over button to change colour
Sign In button on SignIn page - hover over button to change colour

###Features Left to Implement
Sign In - once logged in you will have access to your scheduled appointments / status of prescription e.g. expires on dd/mm
Link to GP Booking System - only show available appointments online in 'Patient Self-Service'
Confirmation text/email/what's app message re 'Appointments'
Reminder to patients <1> day prior to appointment 
Confirmation text/email/what's app message from GP that 'Prescription' was sent to Pharmacy 
Link up with Pharmacy
Text/email/what's app message from pharmacy when 'Prescription' is ready for collection "

##Technologies Used
"HTML5 used for the main structure of the Patient Self-Service website. Index.html contains the Header, Body & Footer elements.
     Header & Footer replicated on appointment.html, prescription.html and signin.html
Bootstrap framework used for its mobile first design and large library of preassembled and reusable CSS style / components. 
     The following components were dropped into my project - nav / forms / buttons
CSS3 used to override Bootstrap defaults and to customise or make the site my own

##Testing
Test Script: added to "include link"
"Tests will be carried out after each iteration or sprint 
     and bugs will be fixed and retested
     and README.md file updated if required
     and comments added/amended where necessary
     and code saved to GitHub"
Testing will be carried out in different devices and browsers

##Deployment
Code will be deployed from GitPod to GitHub using the Git commands of git add / git commit / git push
     - moving from staging area to local repository to remote repository
GitHub location - "include URL"
Code will be deployed to the live website using the publishing source of 'GitHub Pages'
GitHub Pages location - "include URL"

##Content
The text was not sourced from any other source or website, it was devised by me

##Media
Logo - 'Logo Maker'
Appointment Image - 'Shutterstock'
Prescription Image - 'Shutterstock'
Sign In Image - 'Shutterstock'

##Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for the design of this project from 'Module 5 Sample Projects'

Commit message:

Updated README.md file and included project documentation under design folder

README.md, after:

#User Centric Project BG

##Title: Patient Self-Service"
'Patient Self-Service' will provide an unique service to patients commencing with two key features - appointments and prescriptions. 
This website will give patients the flexibility to schedule appointments and order their prescriptions at a time that suits them. Responsive design will allow users use a device of their choice. 
It will provide a platform to rollout additional enhancements in the near future.

##UX
This website is for everyone and especially patients who attend their GP on a regular basis. These patients will also have their medicine prescribed on a <frequency> basis. Patients nowadays use alot of different devices and are very comforable carrying out various activities online. Users want a positive experience when interacting online, they want not only an intuitive website but one that is easy to use and enjoyable. 
User Stories: added to "Design Folder"
"Documents created as part of the 'Design Process': added to "Design Folder"
     -Milestone Project 
     -5 Planes
     -Prototype Mock Ups
     -Prototype Design Features
     -Naming Convention, Commits & Comments
     -User Stories
     -Test Script   

##Features
Clicking on the logo will bring you back to the homepage
Nav/Menu items will 'sweep to right'
Appointment page, mid-screen - image not to appear on mobile
Prescription page, mid-screen - image not to appear on mobile
Submit button on Appointment page - hover over button to change colour
Order Now button on Prescription page - hover over button to change colour
Sign In button on SignIn page - hover over button to change colour

###Features Left to Implement
Sign In - once logged in you will have access to your scheduled appointments / status of prescription e.g. expires on dd/mm
Link to GP Booking System - only show available appointments online in 'Patient Self-Service'
Confirmation text/email/what's app message re 'Appointments'
Reminder to patients <1> day prior to appointment 
Confirmation text/email/what's app message from GP that 'Prescription' was sent to Pharmacy 
Link up with Pharmacy
Text/email/what's app message from pharmacy when 'Prescription' is ready for collection "

##Technologies Used
"HTML5 used for the main structure of the Patient Self-Service website. Index.html contains the Header, Body & Footer elements.
     Header & Footer replicated on appointment.html, prescription.html and signin.html
Bootstrap framework used for its mobile first design and large library of preassembled and reusable CSS style / components. 
     The following components were dropped into my project - nav / forms / buttons
CSS3 used to override Bootstrap defaults and to customise or make the site my own

##Testing
Test Script: added to "Design Folder"
"Tests will be carried out after each iteration or sprint 
     and bugs will be fixed and retested
     and README.md file updated if required
     and comments added/amended where necessary
     and code saved to GitHub"
Testing will be carried out in different devices and browsers

##Deployment
Code will be deployed from GitPod to GitHub using the Git commands of git add / git commit / git push
     - moving from staging area to local repository to remote repository
GitHub location - https://e8540430-7163-4f6c-8882-c2c79bd95241.ws-eu01.gitpod.io/
    [gallaghb/user-centric-project-bg]
Code will be deployed to the live website using the publishing source of 'GitHub Pages'
GitHub Pages location - "include URL"

##Content
The text was not sourced from any other source or website, it was devised by me

##Media
Logo - 'Logo Maker'
Appointment Image - 'Shutterstock'
Prescription Image - 'Shutterstock'
Sign In Image - 'Shutterstock'

##Acknowledgements
I received inspiration for the design of this project from 'Module 5 Sample Projects'
